Add mention of mmap perf change (#2211)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/release-notes/NuGet-5.8.md

* Several other NuGet performance improvements in Visual Studio - [#9982](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9982), [#9984](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9984), [#10052](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/10052), [#9903](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9903)

> * Non-No-Op restore performance was improved drastically (on the order of 50% faster) by using `MemoryMappedFile`s during extraction - [#9807](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9807)

Reviewer: Regular NuGet restore performance?
```suggestion
* Regular NuGet restore performance was improved up significantly (32% for OrchardCore; 40% for our own Nuget.Client repo) by using `MemoryMappedFile`s during extraction - [#9807](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9807)
```
